OSDOCS-16528: Gateway API OSSM v2x Subscription Conflict (#100950)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-ingress-gateway-api-enable.adoc

When you create a GatewayClass as shown in the first step, it configures Gateway API for use on your cluster.

[IMPORTANT]
====
The {product-title} Gateway API implementation relies on the Cluster Ingress Operator (CIO) to install and manage a specific version of OpenShift Service Mesh (OSSM v3.x) in the `openshift-ingress` namespace.

A conflict occurs if your cluster already has an active OpenShift Service Mesh (OSSM v2.x) subscription in any namespace. OSSM v2.x and OSSM v3.x cannot coexist on the same cluster.

If a conflicting OSSM v2.x subscription is present when you create a `GatewayClass` resource:

> * The Cluster Ingress Operator's attempt to install the required OSSM v3.x components will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The attempt from the Cluster Ingress Operator to install the required OSSM v3.x components fails.
```

Eliminates possessives.
